About Mistral
Mistral provides full-stack AI solutions: from frontier models to developer tools, applications, and compute. We partner with enterprises tackling the hardest problems—across high-stakes industries like finance, manufacturing, defense, healthcare, and the public sector—co-creating customized AI systems that they can run on their terms.

We are a dynamic, collaborative team passionate about AI and its potential to transform society. Our diverse workforce thrives in competitive environments and is committed to driving innovation. Our teams are distributed between Europe, North America, Asia and the Middle East. We are creative, low-ego and team-spirited.

About the Role

Join Mistral AI's Data Partnerships team and help shape the future of AI data. Working closely with cross functional teams, including IP & Licensing, Engineering, and Research, you will contribute to the processes and initiatives that enable high quality data to support frontier AI development.

As an AI Data Solutions Intern, you will become an expert user of internal tools and workflows that support our data partnerships initiatives related to STEM academic content. For the next 6 months, you will analyze existing processes, identify opportunities to improve efficiency and scalability, and explore how AI can be applied to solve complex operational challenges. Your insights will help inform product improvements and contribute to the evolution of our internal capabilities.

This role is ideal for someone who enjoys solving complex problems with AI, is excited about emerging technologies, and wants to design smarter ways of working through experimentation, analysis, and thoughtful collaboration.

What You Will Do

Analyze data, workflows, and user feedback to identify improvement opportunities.

Prototype and evaluate AI-enabled solutions using Python, SQL, spreadsheets, APIs, or LLMs.

Conduct research and analysis to support product, partnership, and operational decisions.

Support content discovery and evaluate high quality data sources for AI applications.

Document findings and present recommendations to cross-functional stakeholders.

Collaborate closely with Engineering, Research, Product, and IP & Licensing teams.

What We’re Looking For

Passion for AI and curiosity about applying emerging technologies to solve real-world problems.

Strong analytical, research, and problem-solving skills.

Background in Computer Science, Data Science, Data Analytics, Engineering, Information Systems, Business Analytics, or a related technical field (or equivalent practical experience).

Experience using Python, SQL, spreadsheets, or other analytical tools.

Familiarity with LLMs, AI tools, APIs, or workflow automation is a plus.

Excellent written and verbal communication skills.

Strong organizational skills with exceptional attention to detail.

Comfortable collaborating across technical and non-technical stakeholders.

Curious, proactive, and eager to learn in a fast-paced environment.

What We Offer
We offer a comprehensive benefits package designed to support your well-being, growth, and work-life balance. Benefits vary by country and may include healthcare coverage, parental leave, retirement plans, relocation support, wellness programs, meal and transportation allowances, and other location-specific perks.

For the most up-to-date details on benefits available in your location, please refer to our Benefits page.

Privacy Policy
Your privacy matters to us. You can learn more about how we handle your personal data in our Applicant Privacy Policy.